# CS-250
Software Development Lifecycle

* Interpreting user needs is an important part of software developement, after all the systems are built for them. Intepreting user needs requires communication and a bit of decyphering of what they are actually asking. What do they want the program to do, and what features do they need as well. User stories help in this way, as it gives easy examples of what users expect a program to do, even if they don't have the technical language to describe it precisely. User stories give a simple road map in this way for developers to have a clear outcome and design for an average user.
* Developing programs can be very daunting from the get go. Breaking down the program into bite sized peices that can be modularly developed by yourself or different teams is a great start. Agile processes can help in a similar way, by leaving an open framework for development you are able to incorporate changes into your designs, and prioritize different features depending on your client. Agile helps in developing programs with its flexible approach for you and your users.
* Since many programs are developed by teams of colleagues, being a good team member is essential. Team members should be able to trust each other and know that everyone is working for the betterment of the team and the product. Some ways you can be a good team mate are: good communication skills, documentation and flexibility. You should be able to make your contributions known and understood to reduce confusion, and not being afraid to ask for clarification or assistance when you need it.
